[Music]
when her Majesty fiddles with her purse
while talking to you you'll soon be
history when the Queen travels she
brings a supply of her own blood along
just because when Her Majesty's handbag
doesn't contain a pen a lipstick a
mirror her reading glasses and some
mints heads could roll she is the most
interesting queen in the world have you
ever wondered why the Queen always
carries her purse with her wherever she
goes according to royal biographer Nancy
Bedell Smith there's a practical
explanation to this mysterious
phenomenon in her handbag
the Queen always has a pen lipstick a
mirror her reading glasses and cements
but wait there's more to a simple purse
than that in the Queen's hands it turns
into a sort of social indicator which
Her Majesty uses at different events and
gatherings that's how she lets the staff
know her intentions for example when the
Queen is talking to someone and in the
process starts to shift her purse from
one hand to the other it means she's
ready to finish the discussion this
gesture is so subtle that if you were
talking to Her Majesty you wouldn't even
notice someone would just come up to you
and politely mention that let's say the
Archbishop of Canterbury would like to
talk to you also if you were having a
conversation with the Queen and she put
her purse on the floor well that would
be an ominous sign for you
this action means that Her Majesty isn't
enjoying your little chat and needs a
lady-in-waiting to give her a hand when
the Queen puts her purse on the dinner
table she's subtly informing everyone
that she wants the event to be wrapped
up within five minutes but the one thing
I hope you'll never see if you ever have
a discussion with the Queen is the ring
twisting things she sometimes does this
gesture means Her Majesty needs an
immediate rescue you didn't think those
are all the Queen's little quirks did
you let me tell you about some other
even more unusual ones when her Majesty
travels she is typically accompanied by
as many as thirty four people including
her private secretary and his deputy
their secretaries two dressers a
hairdresser two ladies in waiting a
valet press officers eight police
bodyguards the Foreign Secretary and
their people and many others Queen
Elizabeth is officially recognized as
one of the most well travelled heads of
state in history surely she must have a
tip for how to avoid jetlag rumor has it
that the Queen copes with jetlag with
the help of barley sugar it gets boiled
down in the form of sweets and helps to
alleviate the sleepiness most travelers
suffer from after long flights no idea
if it works but look at the Queen Hey it
seems barley sugar is an effective
jetlag remedy one more proof that Her
Majesty likes traveling in comfort is
the fact that she drinks only her Earl
Grey tea and only from her monogrammed
kettle she has both these things in her
baggage wherever she goes on top of that
she never heads off for another country
without her pine scented soaps Herod's
sausages her personal hot water bottle
and framed family photos also the Queen
seems to be the only member of the royal
family who has never taken a scheduled
flight she only flies by private jets as
for the rest of the family there's a
chance that you might see one of them on
a commercial flight probably even in
economy class for example they say that
Prince Harry flew economy from Memphis
to Dallas in 2014 and the Duke of
Cambridge was once spotted on a Rhine
Air flight to Glasgow but back to Her
Majesty the Queen never travels anywhere
without a Royal Navy doctor whose tasks
among others is to research the
hospitals in the area in advance the
thing is that the country's the Queen
visits might have problems with a
reliable blood supply that's why both
Her Majesty and the Prince of Wales
bring packs of their own blood wherever
they go on top of that their personal
doctor is always nearby with all kinds
of emergency medicine including a
portable defibrillator how shocking the
Queen frowns upon open windows in
Buckingham Palace well to be precise
only the ones that decorate the outside
of the building the problem is that when
you open those windows you can ruin the
view of the palace
thus the windows on that side can be
opened only at particular hours the
Queen's extensive wardrobe has long
become the stuff of legends not only
does Her Majesty prefer brilliant
vibrant colors and classic styles but
she also can't appear in public in the
same outfit or even color two times in a
row that's why there's a special journal
where it's noted when and where the
Queen wore this or that outfit by the
way not to be confused
each of these outfits has its own number
and how about this one queen elizabeth
ii doesn't need and doesn't have a
passport well it makes sense since all
British passports are issued in her name
and on her authority when she passes an
identity check leaving or returning to
the country
she just needs to provide immigration
authorities with her full name address
age gender nationality and place of
birth and she probably doesn't have to
remove her belt and shoes to get through
this security x-ray machine one more
paradox is that Her Majesty loves
raspberries but won't eat them in public
the explanation for this mystery is
simple tiny raspberry seeds often get
stuck in teeth and that's unacceptable
for the Queen for the same reason
blackberries are never served at
official receptions either as for
tomatoes and cucumbers their seeds get
removed in advance do you like ice cubes
in your summer drinks well the Queen
doesn't she hates the sound ice cubes
make inside a glass at the same time if
they're not ice cubes but ice balls Her
Majesty doesn't have anything against
them she finds ice shaped in balls
much more musical the Queen has a female
servant who breaks in her new shoes for
her mind you Her Majesty has been
wearing footwear of the same brand and
style for many years and still she
dislikes the discomfort new shoes may
bring in her handbag along with other
necessary things the Queen always has a
hawk she attaches the hook under tables
every time she needs to hang her bag
this prevents some confusion since
placing her bag on the floor
would mean she wants to leave now are
any of your habits similar to the
Queen's let me know down in the comments
if you learned something new today then
give this video a like and share it with
a friend but hey don't go anywhere just
yet we have over 2000 cool videos for
you to check out all you have to do is
pick the left or right video click on it
and enjoy stay on the bright side of
life